Also you can see on the admin post slug base that was used to edit the post.
So let me just.
Move this to a component.
Now, before we do that, let me just log in as admin to so that we know how things are doing.
Plugin is admin on posts.
So when I click here and it and this base, so we ended the post.
This post does not belong to this user, but since this uses admin, he cannot edit anyone's post.
Just go back.
If you want to, you can.
So.
Who uses them here.
It's really if you want to just say that it is I didn't do.
But as an admin, like I said, you want to give all these rights, but maybe you want to solely use
and then do make it.
More kind of readable so that you don't maybe want to update on other authors post, right?
Oh, you should.
This one, you can see here we have the laser and so on.
This is here and let's see how we can refactored this group.
So post slug.
Let me copy all this called go to components posts and it's clear to me why.
Edit post component js and paste everything here.
Now we may have to fix some input path.
For example, admin layout.
We don't want to use layout on this one.
We want this layout.
Context.
So from here we go.
One step up to step up.
Context.
So you just have to remove one step from its.
Actually for media, we are actually already inside the components folder.
So we go one step up and then media let's that actually let me come down actually let's remove introducing
the content and slide come down to the return block.
To this layout.
And one that.
Perfect.
All right.
Now, let's try to import this in the slot admin post slot.
So all this quote we can remove except the layouts.
Let's keep the layout and just single everything removed.
I guess in this photo, Sorenson glanced at it, posted to the return admin layout.
And here we want to show that component.
So we want to import that as well.
Import it first component from one stick up to step three still components posts.
Indeed most.
Compliance, I guess, and we can put that here
and maybe we want to pass the process based process.
When we used in the offer later.
At the moment it's it and let's come.
Yeah.
Now let's make sure.
Beautiful.
Right.
So we reflected the court walked looked ah the court to a different component.
And it's absolutely beautiful.
It's talking.
Everything's all updated of this.
Beautiful, awesome.
Okay, so that works for offer.
Now let's sign out as also log in as a sort of Saturdays and all admin log in has also.
Good all posts.
I've got to cut only one post now.
Edit.
Actually, we don't have the base yet and it's going to include displays and that's going to be quite
similar to this one.
This copy that the admin post slung this crop and then was all these so basis author posts security
file slot is.
Now it's best that here all we need to do is turn to Adam now.
Come on.
F from the ad we now replace with ofa layout.
Save the genders.
Come back here.
Give it reload.
Beautiful.
Absolutely.
All right, so here, once we upgrade the posts, we want to redirect them to also base, right?
So back to all post office less post.
But if you have a at this post component on the submit function handle of this, we are redirecting
to add winters like we had before for creating new post.
So we want to change that so we can post that Facebook again.
Bass, the bass from Awesome whenever it is used in the author or folded by the author.
And then let's go to this one.
Go and talk.
I received that Facebook and give a default value of and so by default it can be admin but if the any
anything else has been passed as process that would be used.
Okay.
So we can use the space value in our hands some mint and from this.
Yeah.
To is that to base.
Semantics.
Baseless.
Most.
Let's give it a try.
I guess it's a date post by Orion.
The author updated
pick some categories from this.
Beautiful.
You can see it has been updated.
You saw not just the images, it still shows.
Edit So published was created.
Let's send this to posts.
David.
You do.
So you saw you're trying to re-using the components.
Who would have been easily able to say the same features for admin as well as often isolated?
Okay.
So we are pretty much done now.
Categories, we haven't actually worked on the categories.
I think categories is not something I want to allow access to.
The categories can define how you want to structure the application.
So I'm not going to implement categories for.
Office.
I can, but if you want to, you already know how easily you can.
Do you just move your coat to a component.
Bring them in like this and then just implement that.
I salute me.
Good to.
Components.
Layout of the layout and it's good to offer.
Now let's remove that categories.
I guess Adnan will be able also will be able to only create posts and to work on the media.